Cast Confirmed for Original New BBC Drama Counsels as Filming Gets Underway
Source: Screen Scotland
Date: 1 September 2025
URL: https://www.screen.scot/news/2025/september/cast-confirmed-for-original-new-bbc-drama-counsels
Broadcaster: BBC iPlayer, BBC One, BBC Scotland
Genre: Legal Drama
Production company: Balloon Entertainment
Co-production: ZDFneo
Distributor: All3Media International

Casting has been announced for new BBC high-stakes legal drama Counsels, with filming underway in Glasgow. A Balloon Entertainment production, the series is co-created by Scottish writers Bryan Elsley (The Crow Road, Skins) and BBC Writers' Drama Room graduate Gillian McCormack. Set in Glasgow, the eight-part series is made by Balloon Entertainment (Champion, Clique, Newark Newark) for BBC iPlayer, BBC One and BBC Scotland, in association with All3Media International and in co-production with ZDFneo.

Counsels follows the lives of a group of twentysomething lawyers in Glasgow in the crucial moment when, a few years out of university, their careers finally become serious. Working across the legal landscape, whether as public prosecutors, slick representatives of glossier commercial interests, or the shabby and good-hearted last resort of those with nothing left to lose, each one of them is out to win. They are colleagues jostling for promotion, lovers trying to hold onto one another as ambitions accelerate, and pure adversaries professionally and personally.

The young lawyers Jamie (Brandon Grace), Bav (Ro Kumar), Nadine (Eilidh Park), Alasdair (George Prentice), Katie (Alyth Ross) and Karina (Rebecca Bell) navigate their complex and messy lives whilst exploring the challenging yet thrilling world of law. The ensemble is joined by established talent including Michelle Gomez, Derek Riddell, Laura Haddock, Daniela Nardini, Michael Nardone, Sally Howitt, Stuart Bowman, Neshla Caplan and Stephen Purdon.

Counsels (8x60') was commissioned by Lindsay Salt, Director of BBC Drama, and Louise Thornton, Head of Commissioning for BBC Scotland. It is co-created, written and executive produced by Bryan Elsley and Gillian McCormack, with further episodes written by Maryam Hamidi (Vigil) and Jingan Young (Red Eye). The Producer is Brian Kaczynski, and the Directors are Lynsey Miller and Siri Rodnes. Louise Thornton said Counsels is part of the single biggest BBC investment in drama in Scotland for over a decade.