Channel 4 Commissions New Drama 'Wrong Move' From Award-Winning Producers Roughcut TV
Source: Channel 4 Press, News Release
Date: 12 February 2026
URL: https://www.channel4.com/press/news/channel-4-commissions-new-drama-wrong-move-award-winning-producers-roughcut-tv
Broadcaster: Channel 4
Genre: Drama
Production company: Roughcut Television
Distributor: Fremantle

Channel 4 has commissioned brand new original drama Wrong Move (6x60') written and created by Ben Edwards (Coma, Miss Scarlet & The Duke), produced by BAFTA-winning production company Roughcut Television (Little Disasters, Coma, Big Boys) and distributed by Fremantle.

Wrong Move is a darkly comic thriller about three families bound by one fatal mistake. When it comes to stress, buying a property is right up there with bereavement and divorce. And the worst part of the whole thing is dealing with the people you are buying from and selling to.

40-somethings Michael and Catherine are making a marriage-saving move into their dream forever home, selling to parents-to-be Stella and Juliette, who are selling to first-time buyers Asif and Emily. This trio of households find themselves at the mercy of the psychopath at the top of the chain, Trevor Bamford. Obsessed with getting his money's worth, Trevor calls the move off the night before the sale, causing hell for everyone else. As the buyers come together to sort the problem, a confrontation has deadly consequences.

Packed with twists and turns, Wrong Move delves into the complicated lives of the people trying to take the next steps in their lives, and the misguided notion that moving house can fix everything. The truth is you can move, but your problems come with you.

Gwawr Lloyd, Interim Head of Drama at Channel 4, said the series is a gripping, bold thriller that captures the pressure of moving house and reveals the hidden lives of both the vendors and the buyers.

Wrong Move is a Roughcut Television production for Channel 4, commissioned by Gwawr Lloyd, Interim Head of Drama, and Louise Donald, Commissioning Executive, Drama. The series is created and written by Ben Edwards, produced by Rebecca Davies (Protection, Cobra, McDonald & Dodds) and directed by Rene Pannevis (The Tower, Looted). Roughcut Executive Producers are Ash Atalla and Alex Smith. The series will start filming in Spring and will be distributed by Fremantle.